Happy birthday.
You still don't eat this?
Let's take a group picture.
Even once-
did you ever think of forgetting me?
I never wished to forget you.
I forgot to send this.
Who's making you smile like that?
You have a boyfriend now, don't you?
Huh?
A boyfriend?
No, I don't have one.
Kino-
if you want,
you can sleep here
next to me later.
Don't worry about me.
That love scene was so nuanced-
the passion, emotions, acting.
I can’t be an actor.
I’d be asking what are we.
Wow, Arclea. That was
intense but classy.
That was worth the wait!
Wow, you can
really feel that Arkin's
feelings for Clea are
genuine in that scene!
I swear, they're still a thing!
Once it's confirmed, I'll totally faint.
How's the movie?
Huh?
It's good.
The movie was so good.
You and Clea were so cute together.
You really like her, huh?
I saw your eyes.
And it's impossible not to like her.
Everyone sees her as perfect, and-
you always do scenes like that.
Any man would fall
for a girl like her,
actor or not.
Where is that coming from?
You looked at her the way
you used to look at me.
I think you didn't
watch the movie carefully then.
Do you really not like her?
I mean, you've spent
so much time together.
You really haven't fallen for her?
If time could measure
my love for someone,
think about who I've been
with for more than 20 years.
Then you have your answer.
I was-
I was just asking.
The movie was really good.
- Yeah!
- Yes!
- Wow.
- Amazing.
- Just wow.
- Really great.
- I really felt it.
- It was great.
- Best actor award.
- I approve.
- No, and also the best-
- Yeah. That's it.
- I was tearing up during the crying scene.
- You're right.
- Most of your fans talk so fancy, too.
- Let's eat now. The food's getting cold.
- Okay.
- It's already cold.
Give me some.
You don't have your drink yet.
Yanna, can I have some of that?
There.
The string's been replaced.
Thanks.
I bought these strings
a long time ago.
I just never got
around to changing them.
Maybe your guitar was just waiting
for the right time for you to use it again.
You think so?
Just my theory.
By the way, Via-
The release party for my
new single is pushing through.
Can you come?
I don't think I'm ready to go
somewhere with a lot of people yet.
It's just a small gig.
Only close friends.
There won't be many people.
I mean, really just
close friends, I promise.
All right, how about this?
If what I'm saying isn't true,
you can ignore me forever and
never talk to me again.
I just want the people
I love to be there
when I celebrate the
release of my new song.
I'll see.
Can you squeeze me into your schedule,
Architect Diaz?
Maybe you can do something about it?
Talk to my manager.
Hold on.
Oh.
The live stream...
Hi guys!
Long time no live.
Wow, it's been so long
since the last one, right?
But this will be quick.
Question.
Where are you right now?
I'm in my room.
I'm in the room...
on set where we're shooting.
Look at this.
See?
Here's another question.
Is Clea your girlfriend?
Is Clea my girlfriend?
No.
I don't have a girlfriend yet.
Well, if some of you want to apply,
I'd be willing to entertain.
Just let me know.
Since when did he
learn to flirt with his fans?
Here's another.
Do you like someone right now?
Do I like someone right now?
Of course.
I like you guys.
My Rhythmics.
By the way-
I hope you guys
will like my new song.
It's about reminiscing
memories with someone special
who eventually left.
The song expresses how painful it was.
No.
No, it's not my experience.
It's the experience of a friend of mine.
If you guys only knew...
All of my friends are heartbroken.
So, that's it.
Shoutout to you, Sebastian!
If you're listening right now,
poor you.
This song is for you.
Is it really for someone else?
Or is it actually for me?
Kino, there's somewhere I want
to go tomorrow. Are you free?
Are you asking
me out on a date?
Just answer me.
For you, Via, I'm available.
Hello?
Via, are you asleep?
Not yet. Why?
I just wanted to ask what time
I should go to your place tomorrow.
5:00 AM?
That's too early.
Maybe around 3:00 PM?
All right, 10:00 AM then,
so I won't be late.
10:00 AM?
That's still too early.
Well, I'm planning to
have lunch at your place.
I told you it's too early.
Just come by 3:00 PM.
I still have errands in the morning.
Okay, fine. 3:00 PM.
Is that all?
I have one more question for you.
What is it?
Have you eaten?
Yes. Why?
Nothing. Just asking.
Arkin, it's almost midnight.
Go to sleep.
Last one. Just one last thing.
What now?
I'll be there at 2:30 PM tomorrow, okay?
Is that all right?
That's my final bargain.
Arkin.
Okay, okay. Go rest now.
Good night.
Good night, Avianna.
Good night, Larkin.
All right, go to sleep. Bye now.
Okay, okay.
You want me to
hang up the call?
Fine, I'll hang up now.
I'm hanging up. Go to sleep.
Okay. Bye.
Good night!
Such a kid.
So clingy.
Just like before.
Good night, Via.
So this is where you
decided to take me on a date?
At my school?
I was just here earlier.
Then let's just go home. Come on.
I'm kidding. Relax.
It just reminded me of our college days.
Well, technically I'm still in college.
Why were you at
school today anyway?
It's the weekend. Do you have class?
We shot a school-related project earlier.
And I was the director.
Oh, wow. Look at you.
What do you enjoy more?
Being off-cam or on-cam?
Off-cam.
It's really more fun
working behind the camera.
That was your original dream, right?
To become a director.
But what about your music?
I still love music.
I don't need to act
when it comes to music.
I can be who I want to be.
I can be myself,
and that's what matters.
I'm tired of acting
in front of the camera, Via.
I want to be genuine through my music.
I'm glad it's clear to him now
which direction he wants to take.
What about me?
Go on.
Fine, I'll start.
Sing with me, okay?
Like old times.
♪ Left thinking in the
midst of the chaos, ♪
♪ utterly bewildered by these feelings. ♪
♪ I can't tell if this is a dream, ♪
♪ as if my heart was
playing in the heavens. ♪
♪ - In the daylight you are there, ♪
♪ - beside me, and I gaze at you. ♪
♪ - I don't know anymore, I get confused ♪
♪ - whenever I'm with you in... ♪
♪ - A golden scenery beneath the sky, ♪
♪ - having you with me. ♪
♪ - As the wind blows, ♪
♪ along with the song, ♪
♪ I feel your hand. ♪
♪ - May my prayer be heard, ♪
♪ - that you love me in return. ♪
♪ - An orange sky, ♪
♪ - painting the beauty of your eyes. ♪
Via.
Kino.
You're still the same, Via.
Say it, Rye.
I wanna write music, Kino.
So, Via, what's your initial idea
for the song you want to write?
Do you already have
a beat or melody in mind?
There are drums here if you
want something with a bit of a beat-
Do you want it upbeat?
Or there's a guitar if you prefer
an acoustic or electric sound.
What do you need?
Let's start.
I usually have ideas
that come to mind.
But right now, I don't
know. It feels like...
It feels like my mind is blank.
I really can't think of anything.
I think I'm still scared.
Scared of what?
That if I start writing a song,
I might realize...
it's not meant for me after all.
When I start writing a song,
I might realize that
I'm not good at it either.
Do you think...
I liked the first song I ever wrote?
Honestly, I'm already so
sick of that song.
Well, before,
I thought it was amazing.
That's why I used
to brag about it to you.
But I knew that wasn't
all I was capable of.
Everyone starts with something.
Just because you don't like
what you're starting with,
doesn't mean you won't
like what comes next.
Do you think...
you're good at music now?
Good at music?
Yeah.
Because I believe in myself.
But I also know I'm not the best.
And I know I can still be better.
A person's growth never really ends.
I know there's still so
much I can do and achieve.
As long as
I don't limit myself to my comfort zone.
And don't worry.
That's why I'm here. To guide you.
Just like how you
guided me before.
I told you,
you made me want to
learn music and embrace it.
Okay?
Haven't I told you this before?
Thank you.
I won't kiss you but-
I'll save it for a better time.
I have an idea.
What?
I'll just organize it.
All right. That's a good start.
I'll leave you here for now.
Just let me know
when you need me, okay?
When you need a fresh idea or...
- Just tell me, okay?
- Yeah.
- I'll be right here, okay?
Just call me.
Yeah, okay.
All done? What have you come up with?
I haven't called you yet.
Oh, okay.
It's beautiful. Really beautiful.
Let's start?
What's the first lyric?
I said I'd call you...
- I'll call you.
- Oh, okay.
Not yet, Kino.
Yeah.
This is it.
There.
Right?
Yeah.
There you go.
Oh, that's amazing.
Then you can put-
This here, to bring it all back. There.
Via, thank you so much!
My flight got moved suddenly.
I'll get you a souvenir.
It's okay. I'm not too busy anyway.
Can I see it?
Oh, right. I haven't told Kino yet
that I won't be able to go see him.
Via, let's have lunch
before we leave.
- Hey, Avi!
- Uncle Arkin!
You're here!
Give me a hug. Here.
I should have told you earlier.
We might need to reschedule
today's music session.
All right. Okay, sure.
Aunt Via, mommy told me
you were going out for lunch.
Yanna really says all sorts
of things to the kid, huh.
Please?
Of course, we'll eat out. My treat.
For my favorite niece.
What do you want to eat?
Noodles.
Oh, let's eat noodles then. Come on.
I'm hungry.
- Let's go.
- Yeah, come on.
Bring your tablet, okay?
- Here. Is this Avi's?
- Yes.
All right, let's go.
- Come on, Avi.
- I got it.
Uncle's got it.
Let's go.
Do you want anything else?
- Aunt Via...
- Yeah?
Why isn't Uncle Arkin
sitting with us?
Did you two fight?
Please don't fight. Fighting is bad.
This is how Mom and Dad fight, too.
Avi, no. We did not fight.
Uncle Arkin is just
hiding from people.
But why?
He is seen everywhere.
I know.
But he can't be seen sitting with us.
Because his fans might
get the wrong idea.
You know what I mean, right?
Just like with your Auntie.
I see.
But he looks so lonely.
Uncle Arkin, when you're famous,
can't you join your loved ones to eat?
Is it really a bad thing?
Why would your fans get mad?
Those are such deep questions.
Kind of a mix of Yanna and Sam.
How should I answer that...
Sit with us please.
I rarely see you.
I just want to eat lunch with you.
It's okay.
There aren't many people anyway.
And you're an endorser here, right?
All right, come on.
I'll move over there.
Let's go.
That looks delicious.
Is that for me?
Oh, me too?
Thank you.
Of course, for Avi, too.
Here you go.
Yum. You like it?
Eat more.
Mommy said food tastes yummier
if I share it with my family.
What else do you want?
Ask Uncle Arkin if he
wants some sushi rolls.
Do you want some?
Yeah, sure. Okay.
All right, then.
Here. go ahead.
One, two, three, go.
There.
Uncle Arkin,
do you like Aunt Via?
I love your Aunt, of course.
But she doesn't know
if she loves me or not.
Of course, she does.
She looks at you the way
Mommy looks at Daddy.
Aunt Via, can I get cookies?
Of course.
Just get them from the pantry.
You know where they are, right?
Thank you.
Kids these days, huh?
- Via.
- Yeah?
I don't think I've asked you yet,
do you plan on having kids?
Just curious.
No.
Okay.
Aren't you going to ask why?
That's your choice, Via.
I shouldn't question your decision
about your body or yourself.
I'm scared.
I feel like...
I won't be a good mother.
I'm afraid I might
turn out like my mom.
Especially now that
I want to enter her world.
Via, do you remember
the promise you made before?
That you wouldn't live
in the past anymore.
Live in the present
and stop limiting yourself
with the future you're
imagining in your head.
Make decisions for yourself,
not out of fear,
but because you
truly want them.
It doesn't matter to me what you
choose because I understand.
I'll be with you
until you face all the
things you're afraid of.
We agreed to work
on it together, right?
Kino.
You've really grown so much.
I'm proud of you.
Hi!
- Hi!
- Oh.
- Hello. Thank you.
- Glad your flight wasn't delayed.
- No.
- Come on in.
So far, everything's okay.
Hey, thank you for
taking care of my kid.
I'll promote your movie. I promise.
That's right. I like that.
Where's Avi?
Upstairs, brushing her teeth.
She ate a lot of sweets.
Speaking of the movie...
Is it true about that-
the bed scene with Clea?
What? Of course not.
Besides, nothing was seen anyway.
I'll go pick up Avi upstairs.
In fairness, they were great there.
Hey, Via. Don't hold back, okay?
Do your best!
Enough with the cute act.
Come on, Yanna, not again.
But weren't you...
Aren't you annoyed
seeing that bed scene?
Wait, I have something for you.
Yanna!
Not again.
Here's more.
And more.
Take more so it's extra safe.
Double protection.
Here, there are some dotted-
Mommy!
Hi, baby! Let's go home, okay?
- Daddy cooked dinner.
- Yanna.
Your bag.
Thank you.
All right, we'll go ahead.
Thanks again.
- Bye.
- Take care!
- Did you have fun?
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
- Did you enjoy, Avi?
- Let me carry it, baby.
Ah, the ukulele.
Get it, baby.
- Say, thank you.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
- Bye, Avi.
Come back, okay?
Did you learn something
from Uncle Arkin?
Yes.
Play for me, okay? Thanks, guys!
- Bye.
- Take care.
- Bye!
- Bye.
Take care.
Bye, Avi!
Bye!
Via, are you okay?
Huh?
Of course.
Okay.
By the way, tomorrow
I have a commercial shoot
in the morning with Director Victor.
Do you know him?
The famous director?
Yes.
Maybe you'd like to do a set visit.
It's just for a short while,
only one scene, then it's done.
All right.
Okay, I'll pick you up.
Sure.
- Let's eat first.
- Thank you.
How's everything going there?
- All good?
- Yeah.
Just make sure all the
materials are complete, okay?
Oh.
Hi.
- You're here.
- Following up from the head office.
Okay.
- Hi!
- We need to confirm this.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
Glad you dropped by.
- I have a shoot nearby.
- What's up?
Architect Diaz and Architect Dan are here.
You should've brought some food.
That's why I'm here, to eat.
Hi, Via.
Hello.
Hello...
Are you okay?
Did you two fight again?
No, we're fine.
What's for lunch here?
The length of this is okay, right?
There's food on set, though.
- I want the food here, maybe it's good.
- Seems fine already, right?
By the way, how was
your shoot yesterday?
And...
Speaking of...
Looks okay-
It was good.
The dressing room was so nice.
I'm sorry.
- Are you okay?
- You okay?
- Yes, I'm okay.
- Are you really okay? You look flushed.
No.
- I'm okay.
- As I was saying,
- I like it. It was memorable.
- Promise?
It's just not that soundproof.
But it was okay, not bad.
Are you really okay?
You really look flushed.
Me? No, I'm fine.
The design is beautiful.
You did this?
Yes, I did it.
All right, let's eat.
Come on. Let's eat.
The food looks good.
Delicious.
- Maybe Architect Diaz is already hungry.
- Braised pork.
The adobo really looks good, Dan.
Thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome, Clea.
You know, I actually know
a lot more good places to eat.
I can recommend more next time.
I'll take note of that.
Do you like it, Via?
Huh?
That's so inappropriate.
I was talking about the food.
Is it good?
Does it taste good to you?
Yes. It's delicious.
I like the food.
You like it?
You were right, though.
Not that.
I'm talking about the sex.
Ouch!
Hey!
Are you okay?
There are so
many big ants here.
It's so itchy.
Ouch.
Adi?
Hi, love!
- Hi, love.
- I missed you.
Hi.
He is Clea's boyfriend?
Yeah. It's been a while.
No way. Seriously?
Then how did they
manage to hide it?
Well, they just know
what needs to be protected.
I just don't wanna
be in your spotlight,
so just leave me alone.
Arkin, is it true that you and
Clea are building a house together?
A house?
That's not true.
I'm single.
And I'm not dating Clea.
I don't know where that news came from,
but as far as I know, Clea is really
building a new house right now.
So I'm really proud of her
because she worked hard for that.
But I have nothing to
do with it. That's all her.
At least he doesn't have
to lie about it anymore.
How do they even do that?
Keeping everything hidden?
Via, can we meet? I want to
discuss the furnishing and other details.
Sure. Just tell me when and where.
Sorry, Architect, I had
to bring Adi with me today.
My car's getting fixed.
No, it's fine. No worries.
Excuse me, I'll just
use the restroom, okay?
- Yeah.
- Wait a sec.
Architect, how are you?
Aren't you Larkin's girlfriend?
I'm doing fine.
Good thing the media
hasn't spotted you.
It's fine. We don't really care.
Can I ask you something about you and Clea?
Sure.
Are you okay with Clea being
in a love team with Arkin?
I mean,
don't you ever get jealous?
Because...
it's okay for people to
see them together in public,
but you two have
to keep things low-key.
You know, Clea's actually
the jealous one.
We're not hiding.
It's fine if people see us.
Clea having a boyfriend
who isn't Arkin
doesn't really affect
her career much now.
It's not in their contract
anymore to be a love team,
so they don't have
to pretend they're together.
Clea and I just
decided to keep it low-key
because they have
a movie right now.
So...
you're really okay seeing
them together in public?
Before, I would've said no.
But now,
I guess I'm okay with it.
I've learned to accept that
it comes with being with Clea.
And if she's happy
under the spotlight,
then I'll gladly
stand there with her.
You know,
I really admire her.
There's a lot of unfair treatment
toward women in this industry.
But that's just me.
You have a different journey, Via.
Especially if you're not fully ready
to be under the spotlight.
Maybe that's true.
Maybe I just can't...
completely absorb all of it yet.
I understand you.
I know what happened
was very traumatizing.
But you don't have to feel bad
or guilty if you're not okay yet.
Take your time.
I can see how much Arkin loves you.
And I'm sure
he'll wait until you're all okay.
Thank you, Adi.
Do you want some?
I'm good.
Sure?
Coffee?
Hey, I'm back.
How are you?
Okay?
Okay, let's start.
Yeah.
So, I just wanna update you-
Okay.
with the progress
of our construction.
So in the next few weeks,
let's start looking for furniture.
That way, when the house
is ready and finished,
we'll just wait for the delivery
and then have everything installed.
Okay. Perfect.
By the way, when do you
plan on directing a film?
Maybe after I graduate.
I've already made some
short films for school projects.
One of them even won at a film festival.
That's really impressive.
At least you're still doing something
you love aside from music.
What about you?
When are you going to
resign and start writing songs?
I can't.
It's not practical.
You know I'm putting my siblings
through school and helping Papa.
And if I do this,
I'd be starting from scratch.
No connections.
I'm not even that good yet.
Who would even
take a chance on me?
I would.
Write music with me.
I will pay you more than enough.
Just what you deserve.
Kino.
Yeah, I'm serious. Do you
want us to start now?
I'm writing a song.
About what?
Well...
About us.
I want to tell our story, how we
started and how we ended.
That's why I was hoping you'd
be with me while I write it.
Via, can we?
Okay.
Let's try.
All right.
Wait, my notebook's at my condo.
Let's grab it first.
- Let's go?
- Let's go.
Okay.
Okay, let's go.
Let's go.
Surprise!
Congratulations, Larkin!
Who's that?
Larkin, who's that with you?
Larkin!
Oh my gosh.
Isn't she the side chick?
What is she doing here?
Is that her?
Larkin, who's that with you?
Larkin, Larkin!
Larkin, who is she?
Isn't that the girl who-
The one who stole him from Clea?
Isn't she the girl from before?
Hey! It really is Larkin!
Come on!
- Is it really him?
- Larkin!
Larkin! Take a photo with us!
You're just a side chick!
- Larkin!
Via?
Tell your sister, she has
no right to ruin ArClea!
What did you just say?
Mira?
- Hey, what are you doing-
- Mira!
Didn't I tell you not to
bother me when I'm writing?
I'll deal with that later.
Via?
I called security. They won't be
able to follow us anymore.
Via? Via.
Via, calm down, okay?
I'm sorry, I didn't know
that was gonna happen.
I promise I won't let anything
bad happen to you, okay?
Please listen to me.
You're really so far away now, Arkin.
Via, just listen to me.
I love you. I'll protect you
no matter what happens.
It's different now.
Please trust me. Stay with me.
Via, please.
Kino, when will my
love ever be enough?
Please trust me on this, okay? I'm sorry.
Is she the one you were telling me about?
Yeah, that's her.
Why is she trending?
Because she's a slut?
You said it.
Definitely.
Videos and photos of you with a woman
at your condo are spreading online.
The girl who supposedly seduced me,
the girl who tried to fight Clea,
and all the other stories out there-
I want that when
people hear the song I wrote,
they'll feel how light my heart
was while I was writing it.
You don't really say anything
when you're not okay.
I'm flying back
to Spain next week.
Are you coming back?
Arkin?
Via.